vcp=aMSa, skd=aMSa
vcp=aMsa, skd=aMsa
vcp=aMha, skd=?
vcp=aka, skd=aka
vcp=akza, skd=akza
vcp=aga, skd=aga
vcp=agada, skd=?
vcp=aGa, skd=aGa
vcp=aNka, skd=aNka
vcp=aNga, skd=aNga
vcp=aca, skd=aca
vcp=aja, skd=aja
vcp=awa, skd=?
vcp=awwa, skd=awwa
vcp=aWa, skd=aWa
vcp=aqa, skd=aqa
vcp=aqqa, skd=aqqa
vcp=aRa, skd=aRa
vcp=ata, skd=ata
vcp=?, skd=atwaNa
vcp=ada, skd=ada
vcp=?, skd=adwaNa
vcp=?, skd=adqa
vcp=ana, skd=ana
vcp=anca, skd=anca
vcp=ancu, skd=?
vcp=anja, skd=anja
vcp=andola, skd=?
vcp=anDa, skd=?
vcp=aba, skd=aba
vcp=?, skd=aBa
vcp=aBra, skd=aBra
vcp=ama, skd=ama
vcp=amba, skd=amba
vcp=ambara, skd=?
vcp=amBa, skd=?
vcp=aya, skd=aya
vcp=arka, skd=arka
vcp=arGa, skd=arGa
vcp=arca, skd=arcca *
vcp=arja, skd=arjja *
vcp=arjja, skd=?
vcp=arTa, skd=arTa
vcp=ardda, skd=arda *
vcp=arba, skd=arbba *
vcp=arha, skd=arha
vcp=ala, skd=ala
vcp=avaDIra, skd=avaDIra
vcp=avara, skd=?
vcp=aSa, skd=aSa
vcp=aza, skd=aza
vcp=asa, skd=asa
vcp=asu, skd=asu
vcp=aha, skd=aha
vcp=ACa, skd=ACa
vcp=Andola, skd=Andola
vcp=Apa, skd=Apa
vcp=Asa, skd=Asa
vcp=i, skd=i
vcp=iKa, skd=iKa
vcp=iga, skd=iga
vcp=iN, skd=?
vcp=iwa, skd=iwa
vcp=ida, skd=ida
vcp=ina, skd=?
vcp=inDa, skd=inDa
vcp=inva, skd=?
vcp=ila, skd=ila
vcp=iva, skd=iva
vcp=iza, skd=iza
vcp=izuDa, skd=?
vcp=I, skd=I
vcp=Ikza, skd=?
vcp=IKa, skd=IKa
vcp=?, skd=Ikza
vcp=Iga, skd=?
vcp=Ija, skd=Ija
vcp=Iqa, skd=Iqa
vcp=Ira, skd=Ira
vcp=Irkzya, skd=Irkzya
vcp=Irzya, skd=Irzya
vcp=IS, skd=ISa *
vcp=Iza, skd=Iza
vcp=Iha, skd=Iha
vcp=u, skd=u
vcp=ukza, skd=ukza
vcp=uKa, skd=uKa
vcp=uca, skd=uca
vcp=uCa, skd=ucCa *
vcp=ujJa, skd=ujJa
vcp=uWa, skd=uWa
vcp=uqa, skd=uqa
vcp=udapa, skd=udapa
vcp=?, skd=udJa
vcp=uDrasa, skd=uDrasa
vcp=unda, skd=unda
vcp=ubja, skd=ubja
vcp=uBa, skd=uBa
vcp=?, skd=umBa
vcp=ura, skd=ura
vcp=uras, skd=?
vcp=uruzya, skd=?
vcp=urja, skd=?
vcp=urdda, skd=?
vcp=urva, skd=urvva *
vcp=ula, skd=ula
vcp=ulaqa, skd=?
vcp=uza, skd=uza
vcp=uzas, skd=?
vcp=uha, skd=uha
vcp=Una, skd=Una
vcp=Uya, skd=Uya
vcp=Urjja, skd=Urjja
vcp=UrRRu, skd=UrRu *
vcp=Uza, skd=Uza
vcp=Uha, skd=Uha
vcp=f, skd=f
vcp=?, skd=fkza
vcp=fc, skd=fca *
vcp=fcCa, skd=fcCa
vcp=fja, skd=fja
vcp=fRa, skd=fRa
vcp=fta, skd=fta
vcp=fDa, skd=fDa
vcp=fnPa, skd=?
vcp=fPa, skd=fPa
vcp=fSa, skd=fSa
vcp=fza, skd=fza
vcp=F, skd=F
vcp=eja, skd=eja
vcp=eWa, skd=eWa
vcp=eDa, skd=eDa
vcp=elA, skd=elA
vcp=ez, skd=eza *
vcp=oKa, skd=oKa
vcp=oja, skd=oja
vcp=oRa, skd=oRa
vcp=olaja, skd=olaja
vcp=olaqa, skd=olaqa
vcp=kaka, skd=kaka
vcp=kakka, skd=kakka
vcp=kakKa, skd=kakKa
vcp=kaKa, skd=kaKa
vcp=kaga, skd=kaga
vcp=kaca, skd=kaca
vcp=kaja, skd=kaja
vcp=kawa, skd=kawa
vcp=kaWa, skd=kaWa
vcp=kaqa, skd=kaqa
vcp=kaqqa, skd=kaqqa
vcp=kaRa, skd=kaRa
vcp=kaRqU, skd=?
vcp=katTa, skd=katTa
vcp=katra, skd=katra
vcp=kaTa, skd=kaTa
vcp=kada, skd=kada
vcp=kadqa, skd=kadqa
vcp=kana, skd=kana
vcp=kapa, skd=kapa
vcp=kaba, skd=kaba
vcp=kama, skd=kama
vcp=kamba, skd=kamba
vcp=karka, skd=karka
vcp=?, skd=karjja
vcp=karRRa, skd=karR *
vcp=kartta, skd=kartta
vcp=karttra, skd=kartra *
vcp=kardda, skd=kardda
vcp=karba, skd=karbba *
vcp=karva, skd=karvva *
vcp=kala, skd=kala
vcp=kalla, skd=kalla
vcp=kava, skd=kava
vcp=kaSa, skd=kaSa
vcp=kaza, skd=kaza
vcp=kasa, skd=kasa
vcp=kAkza, skd=kAkza
vcp=kAca, skd=?
vcp=kAla, skd=kAla
vcp=kASa, skd=kASa
vcp=kAsa, skd=kAsa
vcp=ki, skd=ki
vcp=kiwa, skd=kiwa
vcp=kiwakiwAya, skd=?
vcp=kita, skd=kita
vcp=kiroqAwa, skd=?
vcp=kila, skd=kila
vcp=kizka, skd=kizka
vcp=kIwa, skd=kIwa
vcp=kIla, skd=kIla
vcp=ku, skd=ku
vcp=kuka, skd=kuk *
vcp=kuca, skd=kuca
vcp=kuja, skd=kuja
vcp=kuwa, skd=kuwa
vcp=kuwumba, skd=kuwumba
vcp=kuwwa, skd=kuwwa
vcp=kuWa, skd=kuWa
vcp=kuqa, skd=kuqa
vcp=kuRa, skd=kuRa
vcp=kuta, skd=kut *
vcp=kutsa, skd=kutsa
vcp=kuTa, skd=kuTa
vcp=kuda, skd=?
vcp=kudra, skd=kudra
vcp=kunca, skd=kunca
vcp=kunTa, skd=kunTa
vcp=kupa, skd=kupa
vcp=kuba, skd=kuba
vcp=kuBa, skd=?
vcp=kumAra, skd=kumAra
vcp=kumAla, skd=kumAla
vcp=kura, skd=kura
vcp=kurdda, skd=kurdda
vcp=kula, skd=kula
vcp=kuSa, skd=kuSa
vcp=kuza, skd=kuza
vcp=kuzuBa, skd=?
vcp=kusa, skd=kusa
vcp=kusma, skd=kusma
vcp=kuha, skd=kuha
vcp=kU, skd=kU
vcp=kUja, skd=kUja
vcp=kUwa, skd=kUwa
vcp=kUqa, skd=kUqa
vcp=kURa, skd=kURa
vcp=kUpa, skd=kUpa
vcp=kUrdda, skd=kUrdda
vcp=kUla, skd=kUla
vcp=kf, skd=kf
vcp=kfta, skd=kft *
vcp=kfpa, skd=kfpa
vcp=kfva, skd=kfva
vcp=kfSa, skd=kfSa
vcp=kfza, skd=kfza
vcp=kF, skd=kF
vcp=kFta, skd=kFt *
vcp=keta, skd=keta
vcp=kepa, skd=kepa
vcp=kela, skd=kela
vcp=kelA, skd=?
vcp=keva, skd=keva
vcp=kE, skd=kE
vcp=knaTa, skd=knaTa
vcp=knasa, skd=knasa
vcp=knUya, skd=knUya
vcp=kmara, skd=kmara
vcp=kraMSa, skd=?
vcp=kraTa, skd=kraTa
vcp=krada, skd=krada
vcp=kranda, skd=kranda
vcp=krapa, skd=krapa
vcp=krama, skd=krama
vcp=krI, skd=krI
vcp=krIqa, skd=krIqa
vcp=kruqa, skd=?
vcp=kruTa, skd=?
vcp=kruDa, skd=kruDa
vcp=krunca, skd=krunca
vcp=krunTa, skd=krunTa
vcp=kruSa, skd=kruSa
vcp=klaTa, skd=klaTa
vcp=klada, skd=klada
vcp=klapa, skd=?
vcp=klama, skd=klama
vcp=klava, skd=klava
vcp=klida, skd=klida
vcp=kliSa, skd=kliSa
vcp=klIba, skd=?
vcp=kx, skd=?
vcp=?, skd=klIva
vcp=?, skd=kleSa
vcp=kvaRa, skd=kvaRa
vcp=kvaTa, skd=kvaTa
vcp=kvela, skd=kvela
vcp=kzaja, skd=kzaja
vcp=kzaRa, skd=kzaRa
vcp=kzada, skd=kzada
vcp=kzapa, skd=kzapa
vcp=kzama, skd=kzama
vcp=kzara, skd=kzara
vcp=kzala, skd=kzala
vcp=kzi, skd=kzi
vcp=kziRa, skd=kziRa
vcp=kzipa, skd=kzipa
vcp=kziva, skd=kziva
vcp=kzI, skd=kzI
vcp=kzIja, skd=kzIja
vcp=kzIba, skd=kzIba
vcp=kzIva, skd=kzIva
vcp=kzu, skd=kzu
vcp=kzuda, skd=kzuda
vcp=kzuD, skd=kzuDa *
vcp=kzupa, skd=kzupa
vcp=kzuBa, skd=kzuBa
vcp=kzumpa, skd=?
vcp=kzura, skd=kzura
vcp=kzeva, skd=?
vcp=kzE, skd=kzE
vcp=kzRu, skd=kzRu
vcp=kzmAya, skd=kzmAya
vcp=kzmIla, skd=kzmIla
vcp=kzviqa, skd=kzviqa
vcp=kzvida, skd=kzvida
vcp=kzvela, skd=kzvela
vcp=KakKa, skd=KakKa
vcp=Kaca, skd=Kaca
vcp=Kaja, skd=Kaja
vcp=Kawa, skd=Kawa
vcp=Kawwa, skd=Kawwa
vcp=Kaqa, skd=Kaqa
vcp=Kada, skd=Kada
vcp=Kana, skd=Kana
vcp=Kamba, skd=Kamba
vcp=Karja, skd=Karjja *
vcp=Kardda, skd=Kardda
vcp=Karba, skd=Karbba *
vcp=?, skd=Karvva
vcp=Kala, skd=Kala
vcp=Kava, skd=Kava
vcp=Kaza, skd=Kaza
vcp=KAda, skd=KAda
vcp=Kiwa, skd=Kiwa
vcp=Kida, skd=Kida
vcp=Ku, skd=Ku
vcp=Kuja, skd=Kuja
vcp=Kuqa, skd=Kuqa
vcp=Kuda, skd=?
vcp=Kura, skd=Kura
vcp=Kurdda, skd=Kurdda
vcp=?, skd=KUrdda
vcp=Kewa, skd=Kewa
vcp=Keqa, skd=Keqa
vcp=Kela, skd=Kela
vcp=KelA, skd=?
vcp=Keva, skd=Keva
vcp=KE, skd=KE
vcp=Kowa, skd=Kowa
vcp=Koqa, skd=Koqa
vcp=Kora, skd=Kora
vcp=Kola, skd=Kola
vcp=KyA, skd=KyA
vcp=gagGa, skd=gagGa
vcp=gaja, skd=gaja
vcp=gaqa, skd=gaqa
vcp=gaRa, skd=gaRa
vcp=gada, skd=gada
vcp=gadgada, skd=?
vcp=gaDa, skd=?
vcp=ganDa, skd=ganDa
vcp=gama, skd=gama
vcp=gamba, skd=gamba
vcp=garjja, skd=garjja
vcp=gardda, skd=gardda
vcp=gardDa, skd=gardDa
vcp=garba, skd=garbba *
vcp=garva, skd=garvva *
vcp=garha, skd=garha
vcp=gala, skd=gala
vcp=galBa, skd=galBa
vcp=galha, skd=galha
vcp=gaveza, skd=gaveza
vcp=gaha, skd=gaha
vcp=gA, skd=gA
vcp=gAtra, skd=gAtra
vcp=gADa, skd=gADa
vcp=gAha, skd=gAha
vcp=gu, skd=gu
vcp=guja, skd=guja
vcp=guWa, skd=guWa
vcp=guqa, skd=guqa
vcp=guRa, skd=guRa
vcp=guda, skd=guda
vcp=gudra, skd=gudra
vcp=guDa, skd=guDa
vcp=gunPa, skd=gunPa
vcp=gupa, skd=gupa
vcp=guPa, skd=guPa
vcp=gumPa, skd=?
vcp=gura, skd=gura
vcp=gurdda, skd=gurdda
vcp=gurva, skd=gurvva *
vcp=guha, skd=guha
vcp=gU, skd=gU
vcp=gUra, skd=gUra
vcp=gUrdda, skd=gUrdda
vcp=gf, skd=gf
vcp=gfja, skd=gfja
vcp=gfDa, skd=gfDa
vcp=gfha, skd=gfha
vcp=gF, skd=gF
vcp=geda, skd=geda
vcp=geva, skd=geva
vcp=geza, skd=geza
vcp=gE, skd=gE
vcp=goDA, skd=?
vcp=goma, skd=goma
vcp=gozwa, skd=gozwa
vcp=graTa, skd=graTa
vcp=granTa, skd=granTa
vcp=grasa, skd=grasa
vcp=graha, skd=graha
vcp=gruca, skd=gruca
vcp=glasa, skd=glasa
vcp=glaha, skd=glaha
vcp=gluca, skd=gluca
vcp=glunca, skd=gluYca *
vcp=glepa, skd=glepa
vcp=gleva, skd=gleva
vcp=gleza, skd=gleza
vcp=glE, skd=glE
vcp=GagGa, skd=GagGa
vcp=Gawa, skd=Gawa
vcp=Gawwa, skd=Gawwa
vcp=GaRa, skd=GaRa
vcp=Gamba, skd=Gamba
vcp=Garba, skd=Garbba *
vcp=Gaza, skd=Gaza
vcp=Gasa, skd=Gasa
vcp=GiRRa, skd=GiRa *
vcp=Gu, skd=Gu
vcp=Guwa, skd=Guwa
vcp=Guqa, skd=Guqa
vcp=GuRa, skd=GuRa
vcp=Gura, skd=Gura
vcp=Guza, skd=Guza
vcp=GUra, skd=GUra
vcp=GUrRRa, skd=GUrRa *
vcp=Gf, skd=Gf
vcp=GfRa, skd=GfRa
vcp=Gfza, skd=Gfza
vcp=GrA, skd=GrA
vcp=Nu, skd=Nu
vcp=caka, skd=caka
vcp=cakAsa, skd=cakAsa
vcp=cakka, skd=cakka
vcp=cakza, skd=cakza
vcp=caGa, skd=caGa
vcp=cawa, skd=cawa
vcp=caqa, skd=caqa
vcp=caRa, skd=caRa
vcp=cata, skd=cata
vcp=cada, skd=cada
vcp=cana, skd=cana
vcp=?, skd=canca
vcp=capa, skd=capa
vcp=cama, skd=cama
vcp=camba, skd=camba
vcp=caya, skd=caya
vcp=cara, skd=cara
vcp=carca, skd=carcca *
vcp=carba, skd=carbba *
vcp=carva, skd=carvva *
vcp=cala, skd=cala
vcp=caza, skd=caza
vcp=caha, skd=caha
vcp=cAya, skd=cAya
vcp=ci, skd=ci
vcp=cikka, skd=cikka
vcp=ciwa, skd=ciwa
vcp=cita, skd=cita
vcp=citra, skd=citra
vcp=ciri, skd=ciri
vcp=cila, skd=cila
vcp=cilla, skd=cilla
vcp=cihna, skd=cihna
vcp=cIka, skd=cIka
vcp=cIBa, skd=cIBa
vcp=cIva, skd=cIva
vcp=cukka, skd=cukka
vcp=cucya, skd=cucya
vcp=cuwa, skd=cuwa
vcp=cuwwa, skd=cuwwa
vcp=cuqa, skd=cuqa
vcp=cuqqa, skd=cuqqa
vcp=cuRa, skd=cuRa
vcp=cuta, skd=cuta
vcp=cuda, skd=cuda
vcp=?, skd=cudqa
vcp=cupa, skd=cupa
vcp=cuba, skd=cuba
vcp=cura, skd=cura
vcp=curaRa, skd=?
vcp=cula, skd=?
vcp=culumpa, skd=culumpa
vcp=culla, skd=culla
vcp=cURa, skd=cURa
vcp=cUra, skd=cUra
vcp=cUrRRa, skd=cUrRa *
vcp=cUza, skd=cUza
vcp=cfta, skd=cft *
vcp=cela, skd=cela
vcp=cella, skd=cella
vcp=cezwa, skd=cezwa
vcp=cyu, skd=cyu
vcp=cyuta, skd=cyut *
vcp=cyusa, skd=cyusa
vcp=Cada, skd=Cada
vcp=Capa, skd=Capa
vcp=Cama, skd=Cama
vcp=Cardda, skd=Cardda
vcp=Caza, skd=Caza
vcp=Cida, skd=Cida
vcp=Cidra, skd=Cidra
vcp=Cuwa, skd=Cuwa
vcp=Cuqa, skd=?
vcp=Cupa, skd=Cupa
vcp=Cura, skd=Cura
vcp=Cfda, skd=Cfda
vcp=Cfpa, skd=?
vcp=Ceda, skd=Ceda
vcp=Co, skd=Co
vcp=Cyu, skd=Cyu
vcp=jakza, skd=jakza
vcp=jaja, skd=jaja
vcp=jajJa, skd=?
vcp=jawa, skd=jawa
vcp=jana, skd=jana
vcp=japa, skd=japa
vcp=jaBa, skd=jaBa
vcp=jama, skd=jama
vcp=jarca, skd=jarcca *
vcp=?, skd=jarcCa
vcp=jarja, skd=jarjja *
vcp=jarJa, skd=jarJa
vcp=jartsa, skd=jartsa
vcp=jala, skd=jala
vcp=jalpa, skd=jalpa
vcp=jaza, skd=jaza
vcp=jasa, skd=jasa
vcp=jAgf, skd=jAgf
vcp=ji, skd=ji
vcp=jima, skd=jima
vcp=jiri, skd=jiri
vcp=jiva, skd=jiva
vcp=jiza, skd=jiza
vcp=jIva, skd=jIva
vcp=ju, skd=ju
vcp=juga, skd=juga
vcp=juqa, skd=juqa
vcp=juta, skd=juta
vcp=juna, skd=juna
vcp=?, skd=jurvva
vcp=jula, skd=jula
vcp=juza, skd=juza
vcp=jU, skd=?
vcp=jUra, skd=jUra
vcp=jUza, skd=jUza
vcp=jf, skd=jf
vcp=jfBa, skd=jfBa
vcp=jF, skd=jF
vcp=jeza, skd=jeza
vcp=jeha, skd=jeha
vcp=jE, skd=jE
vcp=jYapa, skd=jYapa
vcp=jYA, skd=jYA
vcp=jyA, skd=jyA
vcp=jyu, skd=jyu
vcp=jyuta, skd=jyuta
vcp=jyo, skd=jyo
vcp=jri, skd=jri
vcp=jrI, skd=jrI
vcp=jvara, skd=jvara
vcp=jvala, skd=jvala
vcp=Jawa, skd=Jawa
vcp=Jama, skd=Jama
vcp=Jarca, skd=Jarcca *
vcp=JarcCa, skd=JarcCa
vcp=JarJa, skd=JarJa
vcp=Jaza, skd=Jaza
vcp=Jf, skd=JF *
vcp=Jyu, skd=Jyu
vcp=waka, skd=waka
vcp=wala, skd=wala
vcp=wika, skd=wika
vcp=wipa, skd=wipa
vcp=wIka, skd=wIka
vcp=wvala, skd=wvala
vcp=qapa, skd=qapa
vcp=qaba, skd=qaba
vcp=qaBa, skd=qaBa
vcp=qipa, skd=qipa
vcp=qiba, skd=qiba
vcp=qiBa, skd=qiBa
vcp=qima, skd=qima
vcp=qI, skd=qI
vcp=qvala, skd=?
vcp=QuRQa, skd=QuRQa
vcp=QOka, skd=QOka
vcp=?, skd=Rakza
vcp=RaKa, skd=RaKa
vcp=Rawa, skd=Rawa
vcp=Rada, skd=Rada
vcp=RaBa, skd=RaBa
vcp=Rama, skd=Rama
vcp=Raya, skd=Raya
vcp=Rardda, skd=Rarda *
vcp=Rala, skd=Rala
vcp=RaSa, skd=RaSa
vcp=Rasa, skd=Rasa
vcp=Raha, skd=Raha
vcp=?, skd=RATa
vcp=?, skd=RADa
vcp=RAsa, skd=RAsa
vcp=Rikza, skd=Rikza
vcp=Rija, skd=Rija
vcp=Rida, skd=Rida
vcp=Rila, skd=Rila
vcp=Riva, skd=Riva
vcp=RiSa, skd=RiSa
vcp=Riza, skd=Riza
vcp=Risa, skd=Risa
vcp=RI, skd=RI
vcp=RIla, skd=RIla
vcp=RIva, skd=RIva
vcp=Ru, skd=Ru
vcp=Ruda, skd=Ruda
vcp=RU, skd=RU
vcp=Reda, skd=Reda
vcp=Reza, skd=Reza
vcp=taka, skd=taka
vcp=takza, skd=takza
vcp=taga, skd=taga
vcp=tawa, skd=tawa
vcp=taqa, skd=taqa
vcp=tatra, skd=tatra
vcp=tadra, skd=?
vcp=tana, skd=tana
vcp=tanca, skd=tanca
vcp=tanja, skd=tanja
vcp=tantas, skd=?
vcp=tapa, skd=tapa
vcp=tama, skd=tama
vcp=tamba, skd=tamba
vcp=taya, skd=taya
vcp=taruza, skd=?
vcp=tarka, skd=tarka
vcp=tarja, skd=tarjja *
vcp=tardda, skd=tarda *
vcp=tarba, skd=tarba
vcp=tala, skd=tala
vcp=tasa, skd=tasa
vcp=tAya, skd=tAya
vcp=tika, skd=tika
vcp=tiga, skd=tiga
vcp=tiGa, skd=tiGa
vcp=tija, skd=tija
vcp=tipa, skd=tipa
vcp=tima, skd=tima
vcp=tila, skd=tila
vcp=tilla, skd=tilla
vcp=tIka, skd=?
vcp=tIma, skd=tIma
vcp=tIra, skd=tIra
vcp=tIva, skd=tIva
vcp=tu, skd=tu
vcp=tuja, skd=tuja
vcp=tuwa, skd=tuwa
vcp=tuqa, skd=tuqa
vcp=tuqqa, skd=tuqqa
vcp=tuRa, skd=tuRa
vcp=tutTa, skd=tutTa
vcp=tuda, skd=tuda
vcp=tunpa, skd=tunpa
vcp=tunPa, skd=tunPa
vcp=tupa, skd=tupa
vcp=tuPa, skd=tuPa
vcp=tuba, skd=tuba
vcp=tuBa, skd=tuBa
vcp=tuma, skd=?
vcp=tura, skd=tura
vcp=turaRa, skd=?
vcp=turIya, skd=?
vcp=turva, skd=turvva *
vcp=tula, skd=tula
vcp=tuSa, skd=?
vcp=tuza, skd=tuza
vcp=tusa, skd=tusa
vcp=tuha, skd=tuha
vcp=tUqa, skd=tUqa
vcp=tURa, skd=tURa
vcp=tUra, skd=tUra
vcp=tUla, skd=tUla
vcp=tUza, skd=tUza
vcp=tfkza, skd=tfkza
vcp=tfRa, skd=tfRa
vcp=tfda, skd=tfda
vcp=tfnpa, skd=tfnpa
vcp=tfnPa, skd=tfnPa
vcp=tfnha, skd=tfnha
vcp=tfpa, skd=tfpa
vcp=tfPa, skd=tfPa
vcp=tfza, skd=tfza
vcp=tfha, skd=tfha
vcp=tF, skd=tF
vcp=teja, skd=?
vcp=tepa, skd=tepa
vcp=teva, skd=teva
vcp=toqa, skd=toqa
vcp=tyaja, skd=tyaja
vcp=traka, skd=traka
vcp=traKa, skd=?
vcp=traga, skd=traga
vcp=trada, skd=trada
vcp=trapa, skd=trapa
vcp=trasa, skd=trasa
vcp=trA, skd=trA
vcp=truwa, skd=truwa
vcp=trunpa, skd=trunpa
vcp=trunPa, skd=trunPa
vcp=trupa, skd=trupa
vcp=?, skd=truPa
vcp=trE, skd=trE
vcp=trOka, skd=trOka
vcp=tvakza, skd=tvakza
vcp=tvaga, skd=tvaga
vcp=tvaca, skd=tvac *
vcp=tvanca, skd=tvanca
vcp=tvara, skd=tvara
vcp=tvarAyas, skd=?
vcp=tviza, skd=tviza
vcp=tsara, skd=tsara
vcp=Tarvva, skd=?
vcp=Tuqa, skd=Tuqa
vcp=Turvva, skd=Turvva
vcp=dakza, skd=dakza
vcp=daGa, skd=daGa
vcp=daRqa, skd=daRqa
vcp=dada, skd=dada
vcp=daDa, skd=daDa
vcp=danBa, skd=danBa
vcp=danSa, skd=danSa
vcp=daBa, skd=daBa
vcp=dama, skd=dama
vcp=daya, skd=daya
vcp=daridrA, skd=daridrA
vcp=dala, skd=dala
vcp=dava, skd=dava
vcp=daSa, skd=daSa
vcp=dasa, skd=dasa
vcp=daha, skd=daha
vcp=dA, skd=dA
vcp=dAna, skd=dAna
vcp=dAya, skd=dAya
vcp=dASa, skd=dASa
vcp=dAsa, skd=dAsa
vcp=dinBa, skd=dinBa
vcp=diBa, skd=diBa
vcp=dimpa, skd=dimpa
vcp=diva, skd=diva
vcp=diSa, skd=diSa
vcp=diha, skd=diha
vcp=dI, skd=dI
vcp=dIkza, skd=dIkza
vcp=dIDI, skd=dIDI
vcp=dIpa, skd=dIpa
vcp=du, skd=du
vcp=duHKa, skd=duHKa
vcp=duDa, skd=?
vcp=durva, skd=durvva *
vcp=dula, skd=dula
vcp=duvas, skd=?
vcp=duza, skd=duza
vcp=duha, skd=duha
vcp=dU, skd=dU
vcp=df, skd=df
vcp=dfnPa, skd=dfnPa
vcp=dfpa, skd=dfpa
vcp=dfPa, skd=dfPa
vcp=dfBa, skd=dfBa
vcp=?, skd=dfmpa
vcp=dfSa, skd=dfSa
vcp=dfha, skd=dfha
vcp=dF, skd=dF
vcp=de, skd=de
vcp=deva, skd=deva
vcp=dE, skd=dE
vcp=do, skd=do
vcp=dyu, skd=dyu
vcp=dyuta, skd=dyut *
vcp=dyE, skd=dyE
vcp=drama, skd=drama
vcp=dravat, skd=?
vcp=dravas, skd=?
vcp=drA, skd=drA
vcp=drAkza, skd=drAkza
vcp=drAKa, skd=drAKa
vcp=drAGa, skd=drAGa
vcp=drAqa, skd=drAqa
vcp=drAha, skd=drAha
vcp=dru, skd=dru
vcp=druqa, skd=druqa
vcp=druRa, skd=druRa
vcp=drumma, skd=?
vcp=druha, skd=druha
vcp=drU, skd=drU
vcp=dreka, skd=dreka
vcp=?, skd=drE
vcp=dviza, skd=dviza
vcp=?, skd=dvf
vcp=Dakka, skd=Dakka
vcp=DaRa, skd=DaRa
vcp=Dana, skd=Dana
vcp=Danva, skd=?
vcp=Dama, skd=Dama
vcp=Dava, skd=Dava
vcp=DA, skd=DA
vcp=DAva, skd=DAva
vcp=Di, skd=Di
vcp=Dikza, skd=Dikza
vcp=Diva, skd=Diva
vcp=Diza, skd=Diza
vcp=DI, skd=DI
vcp=DIkza, skd=?
vcp=DIra, skd=?
vcp=Du, skd=Du
vcp=Dukza, skd=Dukza
vcp=Durva, skd=Durva
vcp=DU, skd=DU
vcp=DUpa, skd=DUpa
vcp=DUra, skd=DUra
vcp=DUSa, skd=DUSa
vcp=?, skd=DUza
vcp=?, skd=DUsa
vcp=Df, skd=Df
vcp=Dfja, skd=Dfja
vcp=Dfza, skd=Dfza
vcp=De, skd=De
vcp=Dora, skd=Dora
vcp=DmA, skd=DmA
vcp=DmAkza, skd=?
vcp=DyE, skd=DyE
vcp=Draja, skd=Draja
vcp=DraRa, skd=DraRa
vcp=Drasa, skd=Drasa
vcp=Dra, skd=?
vcp=DrAkza, skd=DrAkza
vcp=DrAKa, skd=DrAKa
vcp=DrAGa, skd=DrAGa
vcp=DrAqa, skd=DrAqa
vcp=Drija, skd=Drija
vcp=Dru, skd=Dru
vcp=Dreka, skd=Dreka
vcp=DrE, skd=DrE
vcp=Dvaja, skd=Dvaja
vcp=DvaRa, skd=DvaRa
vcp=Dvana, skd=Dvana
vcp=Dvansa, skd=Dvansa
vcp=?, skd=DvAkza
vcp=Dvf, skd=Dvf
vcp=DvraRa, skd=?
vcp=nakka, skd=?
vcp=?, skd=nakva
vcp=nakza, skd=?
vcp=naKa, skd=naKa
vcp=naja, skd=naja
vcp=nawa, skd=nawa
vcp=naqa, skd=naqa
vcp=nada, skd=nada
vcp=naBa, skd=?
vcp=namba, skd=namba
vcp=naya, skd=naya
vcp=nardda, skd=nardda
vcp=narba, skd=narbba *
vcp=nasa, skd=?
vcp=nATa, skd=nATa
vcp=nADa, skd=nADa
vcp=?, skd=nivAsa
vcp=nizka, skd=nizka
vcp=nuqa, skd=nuqa
vcp=nf, skd=?
vcp=nfta, skd=nfta
vcp=nF, skd=nF
vcp=neda, skd=?
vcp=pakza, skd=pakza
vcp=paca, skd=paca
vcp=paja, skd=paja
vcp=pawa, skd=pawa
vcp=paWa, skd=paWa
vcp=paqa, skd=paqa
vcp=paRa, skd=paRa
vcp=paRasya, skd=?
vcp=pata, skd=pata
vcp=paTa, skd=paTa
vcp=pada, skd=pada
vcp=pana, skd=pana
vcp=pampas, skd=?
vcp=pamba, skd=pamba
vcp=paya, skd=paya
vcp=payasya, skd=?
vcp=parRa, skd=parRa
vcp=pardda, skd=pardda
vcp=parpa, skd=?
vcp=parba, skd=parbba *
vcp=parva, skd=parvva *
vcp=parza, skd=parza
vcp=pala, skd=pala
vcp=palyula, skd=palyula
vcp=palyUla, skd=palyUla
vcp=palla, skd=palla
vcp=paSa, skd=paSa
vcp=?, skd=paza
vcp=pasa, skd=pasa
vcp=pA, skd=pA
vcp=pAra, skd=pAra
vcp=pAla, skd=pAla
vcp=pi, skd=pi
vcp=picca, skd=picca
vcp=picCa, skd=picCa
vcp=pija, skd=pija
vcp=piwa, skd=piwa
vcp=piwwa, skd=?
vcp=piWa, skd=piWa
vcp=piqa, skd=piqa
vcp=pila, skd=pila
vcp=piva, skd=piva
vcp=piSa, skd=piSa
vcp=piza, skd=piza
vcp=pisa, skd=pisa
vcp=pI, skd=pI
vcp=pIqa, skd=pIqa
vcp=pIpara, skd=?
vcp=pIya, skd=pIya
vcp=pIla, skd=pIla
vcp=pIva, skd=pIva
vcp=puMsa, skd=puMsa
vcp=pucCa, skd=pucCa
vcp=puwa, skd=puwa
vcp=puwwa, skd=puwwa
vcp=puqa, skd=puqa
vcp=puRa, skd=puRa
vcp=putta, skd=putta
vcp=puTa, skd=puTa
vcp=pura, skd=pura
vcp=purARa, skd=?
vcp=purva, skd=purvva *
vcp=pula, skd=pula
vcp=puza, skd=puza
vcp=puzpa, skd=puzpa
vcp=pusa, skd=?
vcp=pusta, skd=pusta
vcp=pU, skd=pU
vcp=pUja, skd=pUja
vcp=pURa, skd=pURa
vcp=pUya, skd=pUya
vcp=pUra, skd=pUra
vcp=pUrDi, skd=?
vcp=pUrva, skd=pUrvva *
vcp=pUla, skd=pUla
vcp=pUza, skd=pUza
vcp=pf, skd=pf
vcp=pfca, skd=pfca
vcp=pfja, skd=pfja
vcp=pfqa, skd=pfqa
vcp=pfRa, skd=pfRa
vcp=pfTa, skd=pfTa
vcp=pfza, skd=pfza
vcp=pF, skd=pF
vcp=peRa, skd=peRa
vcp=pela, skd=pela
vcp=peva, skd=peva
vcp=peza, skd=?
vcp=pesa, skd=pesa
vcp=pE, skd=pE
vcp=pyAya, skd=pyAya
vcp=pyuza, skd=pyuza
vcp=pyusa, skd=pyusa
vcp=pyE, skd=pyE
vcp=pracCa, skd=pracCa
vcp=praTa, skd=praTa
vcp=prasa, skd=prasa
vcp=prA, skd=prA
vcp=prI, skd=prI
vcp=pru, skd=pru
vcp=pruwa, skd=?
vcp=pruza, skd=pruza
vcp=preNKola, skd=preNKola
vcp=preza, skd=preza
vcp=proTa, skd=proTa
vcp=plakza, skd=plakza
vcp=pliha, skd=pliha
vcp=plI, skd=?
vcp=plu, skd=plu
vcp=pluza, skd=pluza
vcp=plusa, skd=plusa
vcp=pleva, skd=pleva
vcp=psA, skd=psA
vcp=Pakka, skd=Pakka
vcp=PaRa, skd=PaRa
vcp=Parba, skd=?
vcp=Pala, skd=Pala
vcp=Pulla, skd=Pulla
vcp=Pela, skd=Pela
vcp=?, skd=baka
vcp=baWa, skd=baWa
vcp=baRa, skd=baRa
vcp=bada, skd=bada
vcp=baDa, skd=baDa
vcp=bana, skd=bana
vcp=banDa, skd=banDa
vcp=baBra, skd=baBra
vcp=bamba, skd=bamba
vcp=barba, skd=barbba *
vcp=barha, skd=barha
vcp=bala, skd=bala
vcp=balha, skd=balha
vcp=baha, skd=?
vcp=bAqa, skd=bAqa
vcp=bADa, skd=bADa
vcp=bAha, skd=?
vcp=biwa, skd=?
vcp=bida, skd=bida
vcp=bila, skd=bila
vcp=bisa, skd=bisa
vcp=bukka, skd=bukka
vcp=buwa, skd=buwa
vcp=buqa, skd=buqa
vcp=buda, skd=buda
vcp=buDa, skd=buDa
vcp=bunDa, skd=bunDa
vcp=bula, skd=bula
vcp=busa, skd=busa
vcp=busta, skd=busta
vcp=bfha, skd=?
vcp=bF, skd=bF
vcp=beha, skd=?
vcp=byaDa, skd=byaDa
vcp=byuza, skd=byuza
vcp=braRa, skd=braRa
vcp=brU, skd=brU
vcp=Bakza, skd=Bakza
vcp=Baja, skd=Baja
vcp=Bawa, skd=Bawa
vcp=Baqa, skd=Baqa
vcp=BaRa, skd=BaRa
vcp=Bada, skd=Bada
vcp=Bana, skd=?
vcp=?, skd=Banja
vcp=Banda, skd=?
vcp=Bartsa, skd=Bartsa
vcp=BarBa, skd=BarBa
vcp=Barva, skd=Barvva *
vcp=Bala, skd=Bala
vcp=Balla, skd=Balla
vcp=Baza, skd=Baza
vcp=Basa, skd=Basa
vcp=BA, skd=BA
vcp=BAja, skd=BAja
vcp=BAma, skd=BAma
vcp=BAza, skd=BAza
vcp=BAsa, skd=BAsa
vcp=Bikza, skd=Bikza
vcp=Bida, skd=Bida
vcp=Bila, skd=?
vcp=Biza, skd=Biz *
vcp=Bizaj, skd=?
vcp=BI, skd=BI
vcp=Buja, skd=Buja
vcp=Buqa, skd=?
vcp=Buraja, skd=?
vcp=Burva, skd=?
vcp=BU, skd=BU
vcp=BUza, skd=BUza
vcp=Bf, skd=Bf
vcp=Bfja, skd=Bfja
vcp=BfRIya, skd=?
vcp=BfSa, skd=BfSa
vcp=BF, skd=BF
vcp=Beza, skd=Beza
vcp=?, skd=BnASa
vcp=?, skd=BnAsa
vcp=Byasa, skd=Byasa
vcp=Brakza, skd=?
vcp=BraRa, skd=BraRa
vcp=BranSa, skd=BranSa
vcp=Brama, skd=Brama
vcp=BraSa, skd=BraSa
vcp=Brasja, skd=Brasja
vcp=BrAja, skd=BrAja
vcp=BrASa, skd=BrASa
vcp=BrAsa, skd=BrAsa
vcp=BrI, skd=?
vcp=Bruqa, skd=?
vcp=BrURa, skd=BrURa
vcp=Breja, skd=Breja
vcp=Breza, skd=Breza
vcp=Blakza, skd=Blakza
vcp=BlASa, skd=?
vcp=maka, skd=maka
vcp=makka, skd=makka
vcp=makza, skd=makza
vcp=maKa, skd=maKa
vcp=maga, skd=maga
vcp=magaDya, skd=?
vcp=maGa, skd=maGa
vcp=maca, skd=maca
vcp=mawa, skd=mawa
vcp=maWa, skd=maWa
vcp=maqa, skd=maqa
vcp=maRa, skd=maRa
vcp=matra, skd=matra
vcp=maTa, skd=maTa
vcp=mada, skd=mada
vcp=mana, skd=mana
vcp=manja, skd=?
vcp=manTa, skd=manTa
vcp=maBra, skd=maBra
vcp=maya, skd=maya
vcp=marka, skd=marka
vcp=marca, skd=marcca *
vcp=marba, skd=marbba *
vcp=marva, skd=marvva *
vcp=mala, skd=mala
vcp=malla, skd=malla
vcp=mava, skd=mava
vcp=mavya, skd=mavya
vcp=maSa, skd=maSa
vcp=maza, skd=maza
vcp=masa, skd=masa
vcp=maska, skd=maska
vcp=masja, skd=masja
vcp=maha, skd=maha
vcp=mA, skd=mA
vcp=mAkza, skd=mAkza
vcp=mATa, skd=mATa
vcp=mAna, skd=mAna
vcp=mArga, skd=mArga
vcp=mArjja, skd=mArjja
vcp=mAha, skd=mAha
vcp=mi, skd=mi
vcp=micCa, skd=micCa
vcp=miTa, skd=miTa
vcp=mida, skd=mida
vcp=mila, skd=mila
vcp=miva, skd=miva
vcp=miSa, skd=miSa
vcp=miSra, skd=miSra
vcp=miza, skd=miza
vcp=?, skd=misra
vcp=miha, skd=miha
vcp=mI, skd=mI
vcp=mIma, skd=mIma
vcp=mIla, skd=mIla
vcp=mIva, skd=mIva
vcp=muca, skd=muca
vcp=muja, skd=muja
vcp=muwa, skd=muwa
vcp=muWa, skd=muWa
vcp=muqa, skd=muqa
vcp=muRa, skd=muRa
vcp=muda, skd=muda
vcp=?, skd=munca
vcp=munTa, skd=?
vcp=mura, skd=mura
vcp=murcCa, skd=murcCa
vcp=murva, skd=murvva *
vcp=mula, skd=mula
vcp=muza, skd=muza
vcp=?, skd=muz
vcp=musa, skd=musa
vcp=musta, skd=musta
vcp=muha, skd=muha
vcp=mU, skd=mU
vcp=mUtra, skd=mUtra
vcp=mUla, skd=mUla
vcp=mUza, skd=mUza
vcp=mf, skd=mf
vcp=mfkza, skd=?
vcp=mfga, skd=mfga
vcp=mfja, skd=mfja
vcp=mfqa, skd=mfqa
vcp=mfRa, skd=mfRa
vcp=mfda, skd=mfda
vcp=mfDa, skd=mfDa
vcp=mfSa, skd=mfSa
vcp=mfza, skd=mfza
vcp=mF, skd=mF
vcp=me, skd=me
vcp=mewa, skd=mew *
vcp=?, skd=meqa
vcp=meTa, skd=meTa
vcp=meda, skd=meda
vcp=meDa, skd=meDa
vcp=mepa, skd=mepa
vcp=meva, skd=meva
vcp=mokza, skd=mokza
vcp=mnA, skd=mnA
vcp=mrakza, skd=mrakza
vcp=mrada, skd=mrada
vcp=mruca, skd=mruca
vcp=mrunca, skd=mrunca
vcp=mrewa, skd=mrewa
vcp=?, skd=mreqa
vcp=mluca, skd=mluca
vcp=mlunca, skd=?
vcp=mlecCa, skd=mlecCa
vcp=mlewa, skd=mlewa
vcp=?, skd=mleqa
vcp=mleva, skd=mleva
vcp=mlE, skd=mlE
vcp=yakza, skd=yakza
vcp=yaja, skd=yaja
vcp=yata, skd=yat *
vcp=yatra, skd=yatra
vcp=yaBa, skd=yaBa
vcp=yama, skd=yama
vcp=yasa, skd=yasa
vcp=yA, skd=yA
vcp=yAca, skd=yAca
vcp=yu, skd=yu
vcp=yuga, skd=yuga
vcp=yucCa, skd=yucCa
vcp=yuja, skd=yuja
vcp=yuta, skd=yuta
vcp=yuDa, skd=yuDa
vcp=yupa, skd=yupa
vcp=yuza, skd=yuza
vcp=yUza, skd=yUza
vcp=yeza, skd=yeza
vcp=yOwa, skd=yOwa
vcp=yOqa, skd=yOqa
vcp=raMha, skd=?
vcp=raka, skd=raka
vcp=rakza, skd=rakza
vcp=raKa, skd=raKa
vcp=raga, skd=raga
vcp=raGa, skd=raGa
vcp=raca, skd=raca
vcp=rawa, skd=rawa
vcp=raWa, skd=raWa
vcp=raRa, skd=raRa
vcp=rada, skd=rada
vcp=raDa, skd=raDa
vcp=ranja, skd=ranja
vcp=rapa, skd=rapa
vcp=raPa, skd=raPa
vcp=raba, skd=raba
vcp=raBa, skd=raBa
vcp=rama, skd=rama
vcp=raya, skd=raya
vcp=rava, skd=rava
vcp=raSa, skd=raSa
vcp=rasa, skd=rasa
vcp=?, skd=raMha
vcp=raha, skd=raha
vcp=rA, skd=rA
vcp=rAKa, skd=rAKa
vcp=rAGa, skd=rAGa
vcp=rAja, skd=rAja
vcp=rADa, skd=rADa
vcp=rASa, skd=rASa
vcp=rAsa, skd=rAsa
vcp=ri, skd=ri
vcp=riKa, skd=riKa
vcp=riga, skd=riga
vcp=rica, skd=rica
vcp=rija, skd=rija
vcp=rinPa, skd=rinPa
vcp=riPa, skd=riPa
vcp=riba, skd=riba
vcp=riBa, skd=riBa
vcp=riva, skd=riva
vcp=riSa, skd=riSa
vcp=riza, skd=riza
vcp=riha, skd=riha
vcp=rI, skd=rI
vcp=rIva, skd=rIva
vcp=ru, skd=ru
vcp=ruca, skd=ruca
vcp=ruja, skd=ruja
vcp=ruwa, skd=ruwa
vcp=ruWa, skd=ruWa
vcp=ruda, skd=ruda
vcp=ruDa, skd=ruDa
vcp=rupa, skd=rupa
vcp=ruSa, skd=ruSa
vcp=ruza, skd=ruza
vcp=ruha, skd=ruha
vcp=rUkza, skd=rUkza
vcp=rUpa, skd=rUpa
vcp=rUza, skd=rUza
vcp=reka, skd=reka
vcp=reja, skd=reja
vcp=rewa, skd=rewa
vcp=repa, skd=repa
vcp=reba, skd=?
vcp=reBa, skd=reBa
vcp=?, skd=reva
vcp=reza, skd=reza
vcp=rE, skd=rE
vcp=roqa, skd=roqa
vcp=rOwa, skd=rOwa
vcp=?, skd=rOqa
vcp=laka, skd=laka
vcp=lakza, skd=lakza
vcp=laKa, skd=laKa
vcp=laga, skd=laga
vcp=laGa, skd=laGa
vcp=laCa, skd=laCa
vcp=laja, skd=laja
vcp=laYja, skd=laYja
vcp=lawa, skd=lawa
vcp=laqa, skd=laqa
vcp=lata, skd=lata
vcp=lapa, skd=lapa
vcp=laba, skd=laba
vcp=laBa, skd=laBa
vcp=laya, skd=laya
vcp=larva, skd=?
vcp=lala, skd=lala
vcp=laSa, skd=laSa
vcp=laza, skd=laza
vcp=lasa, skd=lasa
vcp=lasja, skd=lasja
vcp=lA, skd=lA
vcp=lAKa, skd=lAKa
vcp=lAGa, skd=lAGa
vcp=lACa, skd=lACa
vcp=lAja, skd=lAja
vcp=lAqa, skd=lAqa
vcp=liKa, skd=liKa
vcp=liga, skd=liga
vcp=lipa, skd=lipa
vcp=liSa, skd=liSa
vcp=liha, skd=liha
vcp=lI, skd=lI
vcp=luja, skd=luja
vcp=?, skd=luYca
vcp=luwa, skd=luwa
vcp=luWa, skd=luWa
vcp=luqa, skd=luqa
vcp=luRwa, skd=luRwa
vcp=luRqa, skd=luRqa
vcp=luTa, skd=luTa
vcp=lunca, skd=?
vcp=lupa, skd=lupa
vcp=luba, skd=luba
vcp=luBa, skd=luBa
vcp=lula, skd=lula
vcp=luza, skd=luza
vcp=luha, skd=luha
vcp=lU, skd=lU
vcp=lUza, skd=lUza
vcp=lepa, skd=lepa
vcp=loka, skd=loka
vcp=loca, skd=loca
vcp=lowa, skd=lowa
vcp=?, skd=loqa
vcp=lozwa, skd=lozwa
vcp=lOqa, skd=lOqa
vcp=lpI, skd=lpI
vcp=lvI, skd=lvI
vcp=vaka, skd=vaka
vcp=vakka, skd=vakka
vcp=vakza, skd=vakza
vcp=vaKa, skd=vaKa
vcp=vaga, skd=vaga
vcp=vaGa, skd=vaGa
vcp=vaca, skd=vaca
vcp=vaja, skd=vaja
vcp=vawa, skd=vawa
vcp=vaWa, skd=vaWa
vcp=vaqa, skd=vaqa
vcp=vaRa, skd=vaRa
vcp=vaRwa, skd=vaRwa
vcp=vada, skd=vada
vcp=vana, skd=vana
vcp=vanca, skd=?
vcp=vapa, skd=vapa
vcp=vaBra, skd=vaBra
vcp=vama, skd=vama
vcp=vaya, skd=vaya
vcp=vara, skd=vara
vcp=varca, skd=varcca *
vcp=varRRa, skd=varRa *
vcp=vardDa, skd=vardDa
vcp=varPa, skd=varPa
vcp=varha, skd=varha
vcp=vala, skd=vala
vcp=valka, skd=valka
vcp=valga, skd=valga
vcp=valBa, skd=valBa
vcp=valyula, skd=valyula
vcp=?, skd=valyUla
vcp=valla, skd=valla
vcp=valha, skd=valha
vcp=vaSa, skd=vaSa
vcp=vaza, skd=vaza
vcp=vazka, skd=vazka
vcp=vasa, skd=vasa
vcp=?, skd=vaska
vcp=vasta, skd=vasta
vcp=vaha, skd=vaha
vcp=vA, skd=vA
vcp=vAkza, skd=vAkza
vcp=vACa, skd=vACa
vcp=vAqa, skd=vAqa
vcp=vAta, skd=vAta
vcp=vADa, skd=vADa
vcp=vAvfta, skd=vAvfta
vcp=vASa, skd=vASa
vcp=vAsa, skd=vAsa
vcp=vAha, skd=vAha
vcp=vica, skd=vica
vcp=vicCa, skd=vicCa
vcp=vija, skd=vija
vcp=viwa, skd=viwa
vcp=viqa, skd=viqa
vcp=vitta, skd=vitta
vcp=viTa, skd=viTa
vcp=vida, skd=vida
vcp=viDa, skd=viDa
vcp=vipa, skd=vipa
vcp=vila, skd=vila
vcp=viSa, skd=viSa
vcp=viza, skd=viza
vcp=vizka, skd=?
vcp=visa, skd=?
vcp=vI, skd=vI
vcp=vIja, skd=?
vcp=vIba, skd=?
vcp=vIBa, skd=?
vcp=?, skd=vIra
vcp=vuga, skd=vuga
vcp=vuwa, skd=vuwa
vcp=vf, skd=vf
vcp=vfka, skd=vfka
vcp=vfkza, skd=vfkza
vcp=vfca, skd=vfca
vcp=vfja, skd=vfja
vcp=vfRa, skd=vfRa
vcp=vfta, skd=vfta
vcp=vfDa, skd=vfDa
vcp=vfSa, skd=vfSa
vcp=vfza, skd=vfza
vcp=vfha, skd=vfha
vcp=vF, skd=vF
vcp=ve, skd=ve
vcp=veRa, skd=veRa
vcp=veTa, skd=veTa
vcp=vepa, skd=vepa
vcp=vela, skd=vela
vcp=vella, skd=vella
vcp=vevI, skd=vevI
vcp=vezwa, skd=vezwa
vcp=vesa, skd=vesa
vcp=veha, skd=veha
vcp=vehla, skd=vehla
vcp=vE, skd=vE
vcp=vyaca, skd=vyaca
vcp=vyaTa, skd=vyaTa
vcp=vyaDa, skd=vyaDa
vcp=vyapa, skd=vyapa
vcp=vyaya, skd=vyaya
vcp=vye, skd=vye
vcp=vraja, skd=vraja
vcp=vraRa, skd=vraRa
vcp=vraSca, skd=vraSca
vcp=vrI, skd=vrI
vcp=vrIqa, skd=vrIqa
vcp=vrIsa, skd=vrIsa
vcp=vruqa, skd=vruqa
vcp=vrUsa, skd=vrUsa
vcp=vlI, skd=vlI
vcp=?, skd=SaMsa
vcp=Saka, skd=Saka
vcp=Saca, skd=Saca
vcp=Sawa, skd=Sawa
vcp=SaWa, skd=SaWa
vcp=Saqa, skd=Saqa
vcp=SaRa, skd=SaRa
vcp=Sada, skd=Sada
vcp=Sansa, skd=?
vcp=Sapa, skd=Sapa
vcp=Sabda, skd=Sabda
vcp=Sama, skd=Sama
vcp=Samba, skd=Samba
vcp=Sarba, skd=?
vcp=Sarva, skd=Sarvva *
vcp=Sala, skd=Sala
vcp=SalBa, skd=SalBa
vcp=Salla, skd=Salla
vcp=Sava, skd=Sava
vcp=SaSa, skd=SaSa
vcp=Saza, skd=Saza
vcp=Sasa, skd=Sasa
vcp=?, skd=Sasta
vcp=SAKa, skd=SAKa
vcp=SAqa, skd=SAqa
vcp=SAna, skd=SAna
vcp=SAra, skd=SAra
vcp=SAla, skd=SAla
vcp=SAsa, skd=SAsa
vcp=Si, skd=Si
vcp=Sikza, skd=Sikza
vcp=SiKa, skd=?
vcp=SiGa, skd=SiGa
vcp=Sija, skd=Sija
vcp=Siwa, skd=Siwa
vcp=Sila, skd=Sila
vcp=Siza, skd=Siza
vcp=SI, skd=SI
vcp=SIka, skd=SIka
vcp=SIBa, skd=SIBa
vcp=SIla, skd=SIla
vcp=Suka, skd=Suka
vcp=Suca, skd=Suca
vcp=Sucya, skd=Sucya
vcp=?, skd=Suwa
vcp=SuWa, skd=SuWa
vcp=SuDa, skd=SuDa
vcp=Suna, skd=Suna
vcp=SunDa, skd=SunDa
vcp=SunBa, skd=SunBa
vcp=SuBa, skd=SuBa
vcp=Sura, skd=?
vcp=Sulka, skd=Sulka
vcp=Sulva, skd=Sulva
vcp=Suza, skd=Suza
vcp=SUra, skd=SUra
vcp=SUrpa, skd=SUrpa
vcp=SUla, skd=SUla
vcp=?, skd=SUya
vcp=SUza, skd=?
vcp=SfDa, skd=SfDa
vcp=SF, skd=SF
vcp=Sela, skd=?
vcp=So, skd=So
vcp=SoRa, skd=SoRa
vcp=SOwa, skd=SOwa
vcp=SOqa, skd=SOqa
vcp=Scuta, skd=Scuta
vcp=Scyuta, skd=Scyuta
vcp=SmIla, skd=SmIla
vcp=SyE, skd=SyE
vcp=Sraka, skd=Sraka
vcp=Sraga, skd=Sraga
vcp=SraRa, skd=SraRa
vcp=SraTa, skd=SraTa
vcp=SranTa, skd=SranTa
vcp=Srama, skd=Srama
vcp=SramBa, skd=?
vcp=SrA, skd=SrA
vcp=SrAma, skd=SrAma
vcp=Sri, skd=Sri
vcp=Sriya, skd=?
vcp=?, skd=Sriza
vcp=SrI, skd=SrI
vcp=Sru, skd=Sru
vcp=SrE, skd=SrE
vcp=SroRa, skd=SroRa
vcp=Slaka, skd=Slaka
vcp=Slaga, skd=Slaga
vcp=SlaTa, skd=SlaTa
vcp=SlAKa, skd=SlAKa
vcp=SlAGa, skd=SlAGa
vcp=Sliza, skd=Sliza
vcp=Sloka, skd=Sloka
vcp=SloRa, skd=SloRa
vcp=Svaka, skd=Svaka
vcp=Svaca, skd=Svaca
vcp=SvaWa, skd=SvaWa
vcp=SvaBra, skd=SvaBra
vcp=Svala, skd=Svala
vcp=Svalka, skd=Svalka
vcp=Svalla, skd=Svalla
vcp=Svasa, skd=Svasa
vcp=Svi, skd=Svi
vcp=Svita, skd=Svita
vcp=Svida, skd=Svida
vcp=zaga, skd=zaga
vcp=zaGa, skd=zaGa
vcp=zaca, skd=zaca
vcp=zawa, skd=zawa
vcp=zawwa, skd=zawwa
vcp=zaRa, skd=?
vcp=zada, skd=zada
vcp=?, skd=zana
vcp=zanca, skd=zanca
vcp=zanja, skd=zanja
vcp=zapa, skd=zapa
vcp=zama, skd=zama
vcp=zamba, skd=zamba
vcp=zarjja, skd=zarjja
vcp=zarba, skd=zarvva *
vcp=zala, skd=zala
vcp=zasa, skd=zasa
vcp=zasja, skd=zasja
vcp=zasta, skd=zasta
vcp=zaha, skd=zaha
vcp=zADa, skd=zADa
vcp=zAntva, skd=zAntva
vcp=zi, skd=zi
vcp=zica, skd=zica
vcp=ziwa, skd=?
vcp=ziDa, skd=ziDa
vcp=zimBa, skd=zinBa *
vcp=zima, skd=?
vcp=zila, skd=zila
vcp=ziva, skd=ziva
vcp=zu, skd=zu
vcp=zuwwa, skd=zuwwa
vcp=zunBa, skd=zunBa
vcp=zura, skd=zura
vcp=zuha, skd=zuha
vcp=zU, skd=zU
vcp=zUda, skd=zUda
vcp=zUra, skd=zUra
vcp=zUrkza, skd=zUrkza
vcp=zUrkzya, skd=zUrkzya
vcp=zUza, skd=zUza
vcp=zfnBa, skd=?
vcp=zfBa, skd=?
vcp=zeka, skd=zeka
vcp=zela, skd=zela
vcp=zeva, skd=zeva
vcp=zE, skd=zE
vcp=zo, skd=zo
vcp=zwaka, skd=zwaka
vcp=zwaga, skd=zwaga
vcp=zwana, skd=zwana
vcp=zwaBa, skd=zwaBa
vcp=zwama, skd=zwama
vcp=zwiGa, skd=zwiGa
vcp=zwipa, skd=zwipa
vcp=zwima, skd=zwima
vcp=zwIma, skd=zwIma
vcp=zwu, skd=zwu
vcp=zwuca, skd=zwuca
vcp=zwuBa, skd=zwuBa
vcp=zwUpa, skd=zwUpa
vcp=zwfkza, skd=zwfkza
vcp=zwfha, skd=zwfha
vcp=zwFha, skd=zwFha
vcp=zwepa, skd=zwepa
vcp=zwE, skd=?
vcp=zwyE, skd=zwyE
vcp=zWaga, skd=zWaga
vcp=zWala, skd=zWala
vcp=zWasa, skd=?
vcp=zWA, skd=zWA
vcp=zWiva, skd=zWiva
vcp=zWIva, skd=zWIva
vcp=zRasa, skd=zRasa
vcp=zRA, skd=zRA
vcp=zRiha, skd=zRiha
vcp=zRu, skd=zRu
vcp=zRuca, skd=zRuca
vcp=zRusa, skd=zRusa
vcp=zRuha, skd=zRuha
vcp=zRE, skd=zRE
vcp=zmi, skd=zmi
vcp=zvakka, skd=zvakka
vcp=zvada, skd=zvada
vcp=zvanja, skd=zvanja
vcp=zvapa, skd=zvapa
vcp=zvartta, skd=zvartta
vcp=zvazka, skd=?
vcp=zvida, skd=zvida
vcp=?, skd=saga
vcp=?, skd=saGa
vcp=saNgrAma, skd=saNgrAma
vcp=saWa, skd=saWa
vcp=satra, skd=satra
vcp=?, skd=sapa
vcp=sapara, skd=?
vcp=saBAja, skd=saBAja
vcp=samba, skd=samba
vcp=sarja, skd=sarjja *
vcp=sarba, skd=sarvva *
vcp=sAwa, skd=sAwa
vcp=sAta, skd=sAta
vcp=?, skd=sADa
vcp=sAntva, skd=sAntva
vcp=sAma, skd=sAma
vcp=sAmba, skd=sAmba
vcp=sAra, skd=sAra
vcp=sika, skd=sika
vcp=sIka, skd=sIka
vcp=?, skd=su
vcp=suKa, skd=suKa
vcp=suwwa, skd=suwwa
vcp=suda, skd=suda
vcp=?, skd=sunBa
vcp=?, skd=sura
vcp=sUca, skd=sUca
vcp=sUtra, skd=sUtra
vcp=sUrkza, skd=sUrkza
vcp=?, skd=sUrkzya
vcp=?, skd=sUza
vcp=sf, skd=sf
vcp=sfja, skd=sfja
vcp=sfpa, skd=sfpa
vcp=?, skd=sfPa
vcp=sF, skd=sF
vcp=seka, skd=seka
vcp=?, skd=sela
vcp=?, skd=seva
vcp=?, skd=sE
vcp=skanda, skd=skanda
vcp=skanBa, skd=?
vcp=skaBa, skd=skaBa
vcp=sku, skd=?
vcp=skuda, skd=skuda
vcp=skunBa, skd=skunBa
vcp=sKada, skd=sKada
vcp=sKala, skd=sKala
vcp=?, skd=staka
vcp=stana, skd=stana
vcp=stanBa, skd=staBa *
vcp=?, skd=stamBa
vcp=stunBa, skd=stunBa
vcp=stUpa, skd=stUpa
vcp=stf, skd=stf
vcp=?, skd=stfkza
vcp=?, skd=stfha
vcp=stF, skd=stF
vcp=?, skd=stFha
vcp=stena, skd=stena
vcp=stepa, skd=?
vcp=stoma, skd=stoma
vcp=styE, skd=styE
vcp=sTaga, skd=sTaga
vcp=sTala, skd=sTala
vcp=sTuqa, skd=sTuqa
vcp=sTUla, skd=sTUla
vcp=sniwa, skd=sniwa
vcp=spada, skd=spada
vcp=spardDa, skd=spardDa
vcp=sparSa, skd=sparSa
vcp=spaSa, skd=spaSa
vcp=spf, skd=spf
vcp=spfSa, skd=spfSa
vcp=spfha, skd=spfha
vcp=sPawa, skd=sPawa
vcp=sPaqa, skd=sPaqa
vcp=sPara, skd=sPara
vcp=sPala, skd=sPala
vcp=sPAya, skd=sPAya
vcp=sPiwa, skd=sPiwa
vcp=sPuwa, skd=sPuwa
vcp=sPuwwa, skd=sPuwwa
vcp=sPuqa, skd=sPuqa
vcp=sPura, skd=sPura
vcp=sPurcCa, skd=sPurcCa
vcp=sPurja, skd=sPurja
vcp=sPula, skd=sPula
vcp=smi, skd=smi
vcp=smiwa, skd=smiwa
vcp=smIla, skd=smIla
vcp=smf, skd=smf
vcp=syanda, skd=syanda
vcp=syama, skd=syama
vcp=sraka, skd=sraka
vcp=?, skd=sranBa
vcp=sransa, skd=sransa
vcp=sramBa, skd=?
vcp=srimBa, skd=srinBa *
vcp=sriBa, skd=sriBa
vcp=sriva, skd=sriva
vcp=sru, skd=sru
vcp=srE, skd=srE
vcp=svaga, skd=svaga
vcp=svaWa, skd=svaWa
vcp=svana, skd=svana
vcp=svara, skd=svara
vcp=svartta, skd=svartta
vcp=svardda, skd=svarda *
vcp=svaska, skd=svaska
vcp=svAda, skd=svAda
vcp=svurcCa, skd=svUrcCa *
vcp=svf, skd=svf
vcp=svF, skd=svF
vcp=sveka, skd=sveka
vcp=hawa, skd=hawa
vcp=haWa, skd=haWa
vcp=hada, skd=hada
vcp=hana, skd=hana
vcp=hamma, skd=hamma
vcp=haya, skd=haya
vcp=haryya, skd=harya *
vcp=hala, skd=hala
vcp=halla, skd=?
vcp=hasa, skd=hasa
vcp=hA, skd=hA
vcp=hi, skd=hi
vcp=hikka, skd=hikka
vcp=hiqa, skd=?
vcp=?, skd=hiqaM
vcp=hila, skd=hila
vcp=hillola, skd=hillola
vcp=hiva, skd=hiva
vcp=hisa, skd=hisa
vcp=hu, skd=hu
vcp=huqa, skd=huqa
vcp=hurcCa, skd=hurcCa
vcp=hula, skd=hula
vcp=hUqa, skd=hUqa
vcp=hf, skd=hf
vcp=hfRI, skd=?
vcp=hfza, skd=hfza
vcp=heWa, skd=heWa
vcp=heqa, skd=heqa
vcp=heza, skd=heza
vcp=hoqa, skd=hoqa
vcp=hOqa, skd=hOqa
vcp=hnu, skd=hnu
vcp=hmala, skd=hmala
vcp=hraga, skd=hraga
vcp=hrapa, skd=hrapa
vcp=hrasa, skd=hrasa
vcp=hrAda, skd=hrAda
vcp=hriRI, skd=?
vcp=hrI, skd=hrI
vcp=hrIcCa, skd=hrIcCa
vcp=hruqa, skd=hruqa
vcp=hrUqa, skd=hrUqa
vcp=hrepa, skd=hrepa
vcp=hreza, skd=hreza
vcp=hrOqa, skd=hrOqa
vcp=hlaga, skd=hlaga
vcp=hlapa, skd=hlapa
vcp=hlasa, skd=hlasa
vcp=hlAda, skd=hlAda
vcp=hvala, skd=hvala
vcp=hvf, skd=hvf
vcp=hve, skd=hve
